# Privacy Policy for YABA {#privacy-policy-for-yaba .text-3xl .text-center .mt-12}

At YABA, accessible from , one of our main priorities is the privacy of
our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information
that is collected and recorded by YABA and how we use it.

If you have additional questions or require more information about our
Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.

This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid
for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they
shared and/or collect in . This policy is not applicable to any
information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Free Privacy Policy
Generator.

## Information we collect {#information-we-collect .text-2xl .mt-8}

Information You Provide. When you register to the Site, use it, complete
forms, participate in skills tests or surveys, or use the Site as
collaborator, and/or register to our affiliate or influencer or similar
program, we ask you to provide certain personal information, including a
valid email address, Facebook or Google account login details and
username. We will also ask you to provide or otherwise collect
additional information, such as, your name, profile details, physical
address or billing information, telephone number or other contact
details, transactional information, payment information (for example, in
certain cases we process your payment method and credit card number),
taxpayer information and forms, details about other social networks
linked accounts, details about your listed gigs, purchases, education,
profession and expertise, information and files uploaded by you to the
Site, and additional authentication information (such as copies of your
government issued ID, passport, or driving license, as permitted by
applicable laws and as detailed in our Seller Help Center at "Verifying
Your Identity"). We also collect information about or contained in your
communications with YABA as well as any of your posts on our blogs or
forums and your communication with other users of YABA.

Information We Collect Automatically. We collect information while you
access, browse, view or otherwise use the Site. In other words, when you
access the Site we collect personal information on your usage of the
Site, including transactions and communications with other users through
the Site, your searches, the pages you visited, as well as other actions
on Site. We also, collect, use and process the information relating to
such usage, including geo-location information, IP address, device and
connection information, browser information and web-log information, and
the URLs of the web pages you've viewed or engaged with before or after
using the Site. We also collect and process information relating to the
use of cookies and similar technologies, as detailed below. We use that
information to provide you our services, enhance user experience,
personalize your browsing experience as well as monitor the Site for
preventing fraud and inappropriate content or behaviour.

Additionally, in order to improve your online experience at YABA, we
have implemented impression reporting. While you view our ads, we gather
user Global Unique Identifier, HTTP request data like, user agent, IP,
host, URL, country/continent from which request made, browser info,
device/operating system/operating system version.

The personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons
why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point
we ask you to provide your personal information.

If you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about
you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the
message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information
you may choose to provide.

When you register for an Account, we may ask for your contact
information, including items such as name, company name, address, email
address, and telephone number.

## How Do We Use The Information Collected? {#how-do-we-use-the-information-collected .text-2xl .mt-8}

<div>

to provide you with quality service and security, to operate the Site,
to perform our obligations to you and to develop and improve our
service. For example, we use personal information to verify your
identity. We also use this information to establish and set up your
account, verify or re-issue a password, log your activity, enable your
communications with other members, provide customer support and contact
you from time to time. The information helps us to develop and improve
our services, to understand and analyse our performance as well as your
preferences and performance and to customize and personalize our service
and enhance your experience (including by making Gig suggestions,
ranking search results, etc.).

to ensure marketplace integrity, prevent fraud and maintain a safe and
secure marketplace and services. For example, we use personal
information to monitor, track and prevent fraudulent activities and
other inappropriate activities, monitor content integrity, conduct
security investigations and risk assessments, verify or authenticate
information provided by you, enforce our Terms of Service and comply
with applicable laws. We conduct certain behavioural analytics to
achieve the above objectives and in limited cases, if we detect activity
that we think poses a risk to the YABA marketplace, other users, our
community, or third parties, automated processes may restrict or limit
your ability to use YABA. If you would like to challenge any such
decision, please contact us at .

to contact you, as requested by you or as otherwise approved by you or
permitted according to this Policy.

to promote and advertise the Site, our services and the YABAmarketplace.
For example, we use the information collected from you for the purpose
of sending direct marketing messages (as detailed below), to show you
information that may be of interest to you, to organize and facilitate
referral programs, contests or other promotional activities or events.

We use your personal information to send you direct marketing
communications about our products, services or promotions from YABAthat
may be of interest to you or our related services. This may be via
email, post, SMS, telephone or targeted online advertisements.

</div>

## How Long Do We Keep Personal Information?

as long as it is necessary and relevant for our operations, e.g. so that
we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any
complaints or challenge; and

in relation to personal information from closed accounts to comply with
applicable laws, prevent fraud, collect any fees owed, resolve disputes,
troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigation, enforce our Site
terms and take other actions as permitted by law.

## Cookies {#cookies .text-2xl .mt-8}

We use cookies and similar technologies (such as web beacons, pixels,
tags, and scripts) to improve and personalize your experience, provide
our services, analyze website performance and for marketing purposes. To
learn more about how we and our third party service providers use
cookies and your control over these Cookies, please see our Cookie
Policy.

## Children\'s Information {#childrens-information .text-2xl .mt-8}

This Site is offered and available to users who are at least 18 years of
age or older and of legal age to form a binding contract. Minors under
18 and at least 13 years of age, are only permitted to use the Site
through an account owned by a parent or legal guardian with their
appropriate permission. Minors under 13 are not permitted to use the
Site or the Fiverr services.

We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.
Parents and guardians should at all times supervise their children\'s
activities. If we learn we have collected or received personal
information from a child under 13, we will delete that personal
information. If you believe we might have any information from or about
a child under 13, please contact us atyaba@alexib.dev.

## CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information) {#ccpa-privacy-rights-do-not-sell-my-personal-information .text-2xl .mt-8}

Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right
to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer\'s personal data
disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a
business has collected about consumers.

Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that
a business has collected.

Request that a business that sells a consumer\'s personal data, not sell
the consumer\'s personal data.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would
like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.

## Specific Provisions for California Residents {#specific-provisions-for-california-residents .text-2xl .mt-8}

This section of the Policy applies to you, if you are a California
resident. During the last twelve (12) months we have collected the
following categories of personal information from users:

Information that you chose to upload or otherwise provided by you
toYABA, which may include: (i) Identifiers and personal information,
such as name, postal addresses, online identifiers, email addresses,
passport number or driving license number, social security number; (ii)
characteristics of protected classifications, such as gender; facial
image; audio, electronic or similar information; (iii) professional or
employment-related information; (iv)education information; (v)
commercial information; (vi) Audio or other sensory information, for
example if you provide audio-based services on YABA.

Information we collect when you use YABA, including (i) Identifiers and
personal information, such as online identifiers, internet protocol (IP)
addresses, access device and connection information such as browser
type, version, and time zone setting and browser plug-in types and
versions; (ii) commercial information, including products or services
purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming
histories or tendencies; (iii) Internet or other electronic network
activity information, including, but not limited to log-in and log-out
time, the duration of sessions, the content uploaded and downloaded,
viewed web-pages or specific content on web-pages, activity measures;
(iv) Location information.

Information that we collect or receive from third parties, such as
service providers, advertisers, and third-party accounts you link
withYABA, including: (i) Identifiers and personal information, such as
name, online identifiers, email addresses, internet protocol (IP)
addresses, access device and connection information such as browser
type, version, and time zone setting and browser plug-in types and
versions; (ii) Professional or employment-related information; (iii)
Internet or other electronic network activity information, including,
but not limited to log-in and log-out time, the duration of sessions,
the content uploaded and downloaded, viewed web-pages or specific
content on web-pages, activity measures; (iv)Commercial information; and
(v) Location information.

Inferences drawn from any of the information identified above to create
a profile about you.

We use the personal information that we collect or receive for the
business purposes as described above under the Section titled "How Do We
Use the Information Collected?".

## GDPR Data Protection Rights {#gdpr-data-protection-rights .text-2xl .mt-8}

We would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data
protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:

The right to access -- You have the right to request copies of your
personal data. We may charge you a small fee for this service.

The right to rectification -- You have the right to request that we
correct any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the
right to request that we complete the information you believe is
incomplete.

The right to erasure -- You have the right to request that we erase your
personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to restrict processing -- You have the right to request that
we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain
conditions.

The right to object to processing -- You have the right to object to our
processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.

The right to data portability -- You have the right to request that we
transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or
directly to you, under certain conditions.

If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would
like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
